TODO.

 1. The shader code for computing dash pattern inclusiveness can be improved.
    The shader does a simple linear search. It would be better to do a
    hierarchical search, the issue is to make it nice packing for 4 x 32-bit
    wide elements of the data store. Alternatively, we could instead use
    the PainterAttributeWriter interface to generate the attribute/index
    data from the dash pattern.

 2. It is potentially dubious to use texture lookup always for colorstops.
    The issue is that hard color stops are not representable exactly with
    texture lookup. The natural way out if to have a hierarchical search
    instead.

 3. Add arc methods that are same as that of W3C canvas:
    - Add ctor for PathContour::arc(vec2 center, float radius,
                                    float startAngle, float endAngle,
                                    bool counterclockwise)
       where the center of the arc is specified as are the
       starting and ending angles and if it goes clockwise
       or counter-clockwise.

    - Add new function/thing: arcTo(vec2 pt1, vec2 pt2, R)
       That makes an arc and 2 line segments as follows.
       Let L be the ray from the previous point to
       pt1 and M be the ray from pt1 to pt2. Let C
       be the circle tangent to both L and M with
       radius R. Let A be the arc of a circle that
       starts at where the C intersects L and ends
       where C intersects M. Then arcTo(pt1, pt2, R)
       is first connect by line segment from previous
       point to the start of A, then A, and then from
       end point of A to pt2.

 4. Add ellipse methods to Path. The ellipse interpolator would
    derived from interpolator_generic.

 5. Add method to stroke RoundedRect that would not reconstruct
    a new path each time. Them main issue in joining is that the
    cap-ends of each of the sub-paths (the four rounded corners
    for example) need to be pixel-tight and NOT anti-aliased.

 6. Add methods to fill-and-stroke to Painter where the fill
    obscures the stroke.

 7. An interface to perform text layout. Currently an application needs to do
    this by itself, the example code being in demos/common/text_helper.[ch]pp.
    Likely the best solution is a separate library that integrates Harfbuzz.

 8. Consider implementing multi-channel distance field as seen in
    https://github.com/Chlumsky/msdfgen. The thesis on it is at
    https://dspace.cvut.cz/bitstream/handle/10467/62770/F8-DP-2015-Chlumsky-Viktor-thesis.pdf;
    an article is also available at https://onlinelibrary.wiley.com/doi/abs/10.1111/cgf.13265.
    Changes we will need to introduce is to change the distance computation
    to the L1-metric (which makes distance computation fast) and that
    may have additional ramifications in general.

 9. Vulkan backend. Reuse the GLSL code building of fastuidraw::glsl
    together with a 3rd party library to create SPIR-V from GLSL.
    Options for third part library so far are:
            a) libshaderc at https://github.com/google/shaderc.
            b) glslang from Khronos at https://github.com/KhronosGroup/glslang

10. Fix filename and type name values. The naming scheme of files vs
    objects is bad. Files are all named underscore_style, where as classes
    are named PascalCaseStyle. Should make this consistent. Also, a number
    of base classes are defined in files without the _base suffix, for example
    FontBase is defined in font.hpp.

11. FontDatabase is a -very- poor man's method of selecting glyphs and
    performing font merging. It can be argued that it has no real place
    in FastUIDraw since FastUIDraw is just for drawing.

12. Proper GL classes dtor'ing is needed. A number of dtor's in the
    gl_backend need a GL context to operate. However, these objects
    are reference counted and thus their dtors can happen outside of
    the GL context that created them being current. The way out is to
    have a concept of "GL context worker" where functors are added to
    the worker and the worker runs these functors "whenever it gets a
    chance" to do so within a GL context.

13. Painter effects interface where similar to begin_layer() for transparency,
    we allow for the rect passed to go through a sequence of effects.
    sequence will be a unique painter-brush shader.

14. Possibly: clip_in, clip_out by convex polygon.

15. Anti-alias clipping. The basic idea is to have an additional buffer that holds
    the anti-aliasing coverage to apply along edges. Path renderers will draw to this
    buffer to give anti-alias clip-out (and this clip-in) and clip_in_rect will draw
    the rect edges as well.

16. Possibly: replace if/else linear chain in uber-shader to log2 nested if-else chain.
    Not 100% clear if the nested would actually be faster or not.

17. Implement clip_out/clip_in by image alpha. One way to achieve this is to start a
    transparency layer and at the end of the layer, use the Porter-Duff mode DST_OVER,
    that would then mask out the image buffer (this is for clip-out). For clip-in,
    SRC_OVER would work.

18. Add to Path interface ability to mark an edge of the path as do not anti-alias edge.

19. Add to Path interface ability to mark a contours caps as to NOT be anti-aliased. The
    purpose is for merging multiple paths into a single path for stroking (the big use
    case being stroking a rounded rect).

20. Consider changing each utilitization of std:: containers to pass an allocator
    that uses fastuidraw::memory::malloc_implement() and friends so that changing
    the memory allocator globally in a build of FastUIDraw is possible.
